NTRN-166 add neutrality docs (#137)
neutron-org/neutron-docs: docs/neutron/modules/dex-module/client.md

    * `trancheKey` (string): The tranche key.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/limit_order_tranche_user/{address}/{trancheKey}
```

#### LimitOrderTrancheUserAll

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/limit_order_tranche_user"
```

This query retrieves a list of `LimitOrderTrancheUser` items.

**Proto Messages**

Request:

```proto
message QueryAllLimitOrderTrancheUserRequest {
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest pagination = 1;
}
```

Response:

```proto
message QueryAllLimitOrderTrancheUserResponse {
  repeated LimitOrderTrancheUser limitOrderTrancheUser = 1 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false];
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageResponse pagination = 2;
}
```

**Arguments**

* `QueryAllLimitOrderTrancheUserRequest`: Request message for the `LimitOrderTrancheUserAll` query.
    * `pagination` (cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest): Pagination options.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/limit_order_tranche_user
```

### LimitOrderTranche

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/limit_order_tranche/{pairID}/{tokenIn}/{tickIndex}/{trancheKey}"
```

> This query retrieves a `LimitOrderTranche` by index.

Author: @jcompagni10 wdyt?

> This query retrieves a `LimitOrderTranche` by index.

Reviewer: Effectively this is the tranche key https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/blob/main/proto/neutron/dex/limit_order_tranche.proto#L11 

Not to be confused with the `tranche_key` https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/blob/main/proto/neutron/dex/limit_order_tranche.proto#L14

Unfortunately, this is _very_ confusing to have a tranche key and a tranche_key as two totally different things.
This should be renamed in a future release to avoid confusion. 

But I guess I would say "This query retrieves a `LimitOrderTranche` by a tranche's key (pairID + tokenIn + tickIndex + trancheKey).

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/limit_order_tranche/{pairID}/{tokenIn}/{tickIndex}/{trancheKey}
```

#### LimitOrderTrancheAll

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/limit_order_tranche/{pairID}/{tokenIn}"
```

This query retrieves a list of `LimitOrderTranche` items for a given pairID / TokenIn combination.

**Proto Messages**

Request:

```proto
message QueryAllLimitOrderTrancheRequest {
  string pairID = 1;
  string tokenIn = 2;
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest pagination = 3;
}
```

Response:

```proto
message QueryAllLimitOrderTrancheResponse {
  repeated LimitOrderTranche limitOrderTranche = 1 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false];
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageResponse pagination = 2;
}
```

**Arguments**

* `QueryAllLimitOrderTrancheRequest`: Request message for the `LimitOrderTrancheAll` query.
    * `pairID` (string): The pair ID.
    * `tokenIn` (string): The input token.
    * `pagination` (cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest): Pagination options.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/limit_order_tranche/{pairID}/{tokenIn}
```

> #### GetUserPositions

Reviewer 2: we don't have such a query defined for the dex query service: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/blob/168815d3703a803f97566f2ddaf0954ac8bda203/proto/neutron/dex/query.proto#L25

  string trancheKey = 4; 
  string address = 5; 
  string sharesOwned = 6  [
      (gogoproto.moretags)   = "yaml:\"sharesOwned\"",
      (gogoproto.customtype) = "github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types.Int",
      (gogoproto.nullable)   = false,
      (gogoproto.jsontag) = "sharesOwned"
  ];  
  string sharesWithdrawn = 7  [
      (gogoproto.moretags)   = "yaml:\"sharesWithdrawn\"",
      (gogoproto.customtype) = "github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types.Int",
      (gogoproto.nullable)   = false,
      (gogoproto.jsontag) = "sharesWithdrawn"
  ]; 
  string sharesCancelled = 8  [
      (gogoproto.moretags)   = "yaml:\"sharesCancelled\"",
      (gogoproto.customtype) = "github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types.Int",
      (gogoproto.nullable)   = false,
      (gogoproto.jsontag) = "sharesCancelled"
  ];
  LimitOrderType orderType = 10;
}

```

**Arguments**

* `QueryGetUserPositionsRequest`: Request message for the `GetUserPositions` query.
    * `address` (string): The user address.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/user/positions/{address}
```

#### UserDepositsAll

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/user/deposits/{address}"
```

> This query retrieves a list of `UserDeposits` items.

Reviewer 2: let's mention that the returned items are related to the used stated in the query name. also it's not `UserDeposits` but `DepositRecord`
```suggestion
This query retrieves a list of `DepositRecord` items by user address.
```

**Proto Messages**

Request:

```proto
message QueryAllUserDepositsRequest {
  string address = 1;
}
```

Response:

```proto
message QueryAllUserDepositsResponse {
  repeated DepositRecord deposits = 1 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false];
}
```

**Arguments**

* `QueryAllUserDepositsRequest`: Request message for the `UserDepositsAll` query.
    * `address` (string): The user address.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/user/deposits/{address}
```

#### UserLimitOrdersAll

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/user/limit_orders/{address}"
```

> This query retrieves a list of `UserLimitOrders` items.

Reviewer 2: same problem as above with description and struct name:
```suggestion
This query retrieves a list of `LimitOrderTrancheUser` items by user address.
```

curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/user/limit_orders/{address}
```

#### TickLiquidityAll

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/tick_liquidity/{pairID}/{tokenIn}"
```

This query retrieves a list of `TickLiquidity` items for a given pairID / TokenIn combination.

**Proto Messages**

Request:

```proto
message QueryAllTickLiquidityRequest {
  string pairID = 1;
  string tokenIn = 2;
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest pagination = 3;
}
```

Response:

```proto
message QueryAllTickLiquidityResponse {
  repeated TickLiquidity tickLiquidity = 1 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false];
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageResponse pagination = 2;
}
```

**Arguments**

* `QueryAllTickLiquidityRequest`: Request message for the `TickLiquidityAll` query.
    * `pairID` (string): The pair ID.
    * `tokenIn` (string): The input token.
    * `pagination` (cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest): Pagination options.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/tick_liquidity/{pairID}/{tokenIn}
```

### InactiveLimitOrderTranche

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/filled_limit_order_tranche/{pairID}/{tokenIn}/{tickIndex}/{trancheKey}"
```

> This query retrieves an `InactiveLimitOrderTranche` by index.

Reviewer 2: the returned type is not **Inactive**LimitOrderTranche, it's just `LimitOrderTranche`, so **inactive** shouldn't be a part of the returned type name

```suggestion
This query retrieves an inactive `LimitOrderTranche` by index.
```

Reviewer 2: also same suggestion as here for the description of the parameters: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-docs/pull/137/files#r1422502915

**Proto Messages**

Request:

```proto
message QueryGetInactiveLimitOrderTrancheRequest {
  string pairID = 1;
  string tokenIn = 2;
  int64 tickIndex = 3;
  string trancheKey = 4;
}
```

Response:

```proto
message QueryGetInactiveLimitOrderTrancheResponse {
  LimitOrderTranche inactiveLimitOrderTranche = 1 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false];
}
```

**Arguments**

* `QueryGetInactiveLimitOrderTrancheRequest`: Request message for the `InactiveLimitOrderTranche` query.
    * `pairID` (string): The pair ID.
    * `tokenIn` (string): The input token.
    * `tickIndex` (int64): The tick index.
    * `trancheKey` (string): The tranche key.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/filled_limit_order_tranche/{pairID}/{tokenIn}/{tickIndex}/{trancheKey}
```

#### InactiveLimitOrderTrancheAll

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/filled_limit_order_tranche"
```

> This query retrieves a list of `InactiveLimitOrderTranche` items.

Reviewer 2: same as above about **inactive** being a part of the returned type

```suggestion
This query retrieves a list of inactive `LimitOrderTranche` items.
```

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/filled_limit_order_tranche
```

#### PoolReservesAll

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/pool_reserves/{pairID}/{tokenIn}"
```

This query retrieves a list of `PoolReserves` items for a given pairID / TokenIn combination.

**Proto Messages**

Request:

```proto
message QueryAllPoolReservesRequest {
  string pairID = 1;
  string tokenIn = 2;
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest pagination = 3;
}
```

Response:

```proto
message QueryAllPoolReservesResponse {
  repeated PoolReserves poolReserves = 1 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false];
  cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageResponse pagination = 2;
}
```

**Arguments**

* `QueryAllPoolReservesRequest`: Request message for the `PoolReservesAll` query.
    * `pairID` (string): The pair ID.
    * `tokenIn` (string): The input token.
    * `pagination` (cosmos.base.query.v1beta1.PageRequest): Pagination options.

**Sample Query**

Curl Command:

```bash
curl http://lcd.duality.xyz/dualitylabs/duality/dex/pool_reserves/{pairID}/{tokenIn}
```

#### PoolReserves

```
GET "/dualitylabs/duality/dex/pool_reserves/{pairID}/{tokenIn}/{tickIndex}/{fee}"
```

> This query retrieves a `PoolReserve` by index.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This query retrieves a `PoolReserves` by index.
```

Reviewer 2: also same suggestion as here for the description of the parameters: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-docs/pull/137/files#r1422502915

Author: I'm not sure where to put this one. how about just adding it to response block @jcompagni10?

Reviewer 2: why response block if the concern is about the description of request parameters?

Reviewer: This can be called PoolReservesKey (PairID+TokenIn+TickIndex+Fee)
